README.md, before:

# Trophymanager SVR

Now with Super Voice Reports you can just relax and listen to your game reports.

This *userscript* uses external services with optional premium plans, if you like the server feel free to use premium but keep in mind **I get nothing for those purchases** and I dont control if the services fails in some way.

For now you can only choose one script:

[**natural_readers.user.js**](https://github.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/blob/master/natural_readers.user.js) uses [Natural Readers](https://www.naturalreaders.com/)

*Premium voices have as a total **20 minutes free per day**, that will most likely be **enough for a full match report**, just save your free minutes for the live matches.*

- Available **[Free]** languages
    - English (Zira Desktop) (US)
- Available **[Free for 20 Minutes]** per day Or [Premium](https://www.naturalreaders.com/webapp.html#upgrade)
    - English (US)
    - English (UK)
    - Spanish (Spain)
    - Spanish (Mexico)
    - Spanish (Castilian)
    - Spanish (US)
    - French
    - French (Canada)
    - German
    - Italian
    - Portuguese (Portugal)
    - Portuguese (Brazil)
    - Swedish
    - Dutch

## How to install

This script was made, and tested on **chrome**. You can try install or using on other browsers but keep in mind its untested.

### Chrome

1. If you don't have already install extension capable of running userscript such has [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en), it may require you to restart chrome afterwards.

2. Go to diz link of yoru choice, example: [**natural_readers.user.js**](https://github.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/blob/master/natural_readers.user.js) 

3. On page *trophymanager-super-voice-report/natural_readers.user.js* click Buttom [**Raw**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/master/natural_readers.user.js)

4. [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) should now be opened, press install and go on test it out.

5. Don't forget to leave me a start if you like it. Good luck and good gaming.

## **Donations**
Help me feel appreciated with donations. *One has to eat.*

**BITCOIN (BTC):** 38DBzLcPDrFm4qmhQVsAPFCEChSmi8HR5E
**BITCOIN CASH (BTH):** qq4fcxse9qv6f3307xcjyrh0k5vf8ezzhy202sa3k2
**Ether (ETH):** 0xB9b2D92F381a7A67453eEFF732ECf6a205F2502B
**Ethereum Classic (ETC):** 0xEed4676b76353e9Ee14a04285e74dD9DfDC50a5c
**LiteCoin (LTC):** MDsnzTAa4AmFqiGBLA27E31SZhNkMrdu4U
**Electroneum (ETN):** etnkDLfwRcmXDDRprLJP3kG3TX7QJoPa8Gzrr7asXXdKGjadGtKbEcE2FZ1zXZhuSU2JxV1kdRuxgAHT8yurakSs3FW4D7hvgy

Commit message:

Add Firefox entry on readme.

README.md, after:

# Trophymanager SVR

Now with Super Voice Reports you can just relax and listen to your game reports.

This *userscript* uses external services with optional premium plans, if you like the server feel free to use premium but keep in mind **I get nothing for those purchases** and I dont control if the services fails in some way.

For now you can only choose one script:

[**natural_readers.user.js**](https://github.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/blob/master/natural_readers.user.js) uses [Natural Readers](https://www.naturalreaders.com/)

*Premium voices have as a total **20 minutes free per day**, that will most likely be **enough for a full match report**, just save your free minutes for the live matches.*

- Available **[Free]** languages
    - English (Zira Desktop) (US)
- Available **[Free for 20 Minutes]** per day Or [Premium](https://www.naturalreaders.com/webapp.html#upgrade)
    - English (US)
    - English (UK)
    - Spanish (Spain)
    - Spanish (Mexico)
    - Spanish (Castilian)
    - Spanish (US)
    - French
    - French (Canada)
    - German
    - Italian
    - Portuguese (Portugal)
    - Portuguese (Brazil)
    - Swedish
    - Dutch

## How to install

This script was made, and tested on **chrome** and **firefox**. You can try install or using on other browsers but keep in mind its untested.

### Chrome

1. If you don't have already install extension capable of running userscript such has [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en), it may require you to restart chrome afterwards.

2. Go to diz link of yoru choice, example: [**natural_readers.user.js**](https://github.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/blob/master/natural_readers.user.js) 

3. On page *trophymanager-super-voice-report/natural_readers.user.js* click Buttom [**Raw**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/master/natural_readers.user.js)

4. [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) should now be opened, press install and go on test it out.

5. Don't forget to leave me a start if you like it. Good luck and good gaming.

### Firefox

1. If you don't have already install extension capable of running userscript such has [Tampermonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/pt-PT/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/), it may require you to restart firefox afterwards.

2. Go to diz link of yoru choice, example: [**natural_readers.user.js**](https://github.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/blob/master/natural_readers.user.js) 

3. On page *trophymanager-super-voice-report/natural_readers.user.js* click Buttom [**Raw**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/etnepres/trophymanager-super-voice-report/master/natural_readers.user.js)

4. [Tampermonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/pt-PT/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/) should now be opened, press install and go on test it out.

5. Don't forget to leave me a start if you like it. Good luck and good gaming.

## **Donations**
Help me feel appreciated with donations. *One has to eat.*

**BITCOIN (BTC):** 38DBzLcPDrFm4qmhQVsAPFCEChSmi8HR5E
**BITCOIN CASH (BTH):** qq4fcxse9qv6f3307xcjyrh0k5vf8ezzhy202sa3k2
**Ether (ETH):** 0xB9b2D92F381a7A67453eEFF732ECf6a205F2502B
**Ethereum Classic (ETC):** 0xEed4676b76353e9Ee14a04285e74dD9DfDC50a5c
**LiteCoin (LTC):** MDsnzTAa4AmFqiGBLA27E31SZhNkMrdu4U
**Electroneum (ETN):** etnkDLfwRcmXDDRprLJP3kG3TX7QJoPa8Gzrr7asXXdKGjadGtKbEcE2FZ1zXZhuSU2JxV1kdRuxgAHT8yurakSs3FW4D7hvgy
